MAN [ON TV]: Carroll was convicted in 2004
for the murders of 14 young women.
MAN [OVER PHONE]: We need you in Virginia.
RYAN: I'm not an agent anymore.
MAN [OVER PHONE]: You caught Carroll.
No one knows him like you do.
- So what's my sequel about. Joe?
CARROLL: We're gonna write this together. Ryan.
[SARAH GASPS]
Even though you slept with my wife.
I have so many surprises waiting for you.
Olivia. I require legal counsel.
- Do not bring me into this any further.
- We're just getting started.
You wanna see Joey. get in now.
I was told I'd see my son.
Where is he?
You don't have to be afraid of me. Claire.
Trust me.
Hey. Joey.
Remember me.
[GUN CLICKS]
Do not move.
[PHONE BUZZES]
Be right back.
The place is surrounded by cops.
No way out.
Come on. We gotta go.
What's taking them so long?
I looked all over the place.
She and Joey are both gone.
[BOTH GRUNT]
- Don't move.
- Joey. we're hereto help you.
- Ah.
- I'm with Roderick. Let's go.
RYAN:
Stop right there. No.
Joey. no. Wail.
[GROANING]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
JOEY:
Where are we?
I thought we were going to
see my mom.
We are. But I need to meet a friend first.
We have to meet your friend here?
Yes. He's going to help us. okay?
I won't be long.
What about Jacob and Paul?
Aren't they coming too?
I don't know.
What about the bad guys?
Aren't they looking for us?
- No.
- How do you know?
Joey please. stop.
Everything's going to be okay.
Promise.
Hello.
I've been waiting for you.
I was told to come here.
I know. It's about time you showed up.
My name is Bo.
Go pull your truck in there.
I have to go use the bathroom.
We've been driving all night.
You got a little boy's room'!
Through the office.
Go ahead. Joey.
[DANA WHIMPERING]
Hello?
Please- Please. Help me.
Please. Don't leave me here.
Don't leave me. Please.
Come back. Come back. Come back.
[JOE SCREAMING ON MONITOR]
MAN [ON MONITOR]:
Hey. Come on. come on.
Ryan Hardy's assault resulted
in three broken fingers.
As I'm sure you're aware. warden. ifs a clear
violation of his Eighth Amendment rights.
I'm aware.
FBl's behavior was unwarranted.
We have case law precedents.
federal tort and civil liberties claims.-.
Just exactly what do you want.
Miss Warren?
I'll let my client tell you himself.
Mr. Carroll?
First. um. Warden Montero
and other important people...
...thank you. thank you for allowing me
the opportunity to share the injustices...
...that have been inﬂicted upon me.
He said his name was Charlie
and that he was hired to follow me...
...and to report back to Joe.
He had photos and video
and he said he was going to take me to Joey.
And you believed him.
Yes. I did.
He had this honor about him.
Like he was living up to some
code of conduct. Definitely military.
Um. Marines or Army or something.
He said he was waiting to hear
from someone named Roderick for orders.
Tea?
Thank you.
Roderick?
Um. yeah. I'm sure it's an alias.
Roderick Usher is from Poe's
Fall of the House of Usher.
We were at the farmhouse.
Emma got a call from this Roderick.
Cult leaders often have
a second in command.
Someone to oversee who manages the cult.
Do you even know how many people
are involved in this?
Are we talking fans or prison groupies?
Or people with serious mental disorders?
Do we know how many of them have killed?
We don't know. It's a lot bigger
than we thought. More pervasive.
Ms. Matthews? Can I count on you not
to engage with Joe's followers?
No. you can't. No more than
I can count on you to find my son.
Claire...
I don't know what I would do
in your situation.
So I would just ask you to inform us
if anyone makes contact with you again.
You have to find this guy. Charlie.
- I'm sorry--
- Don't. Just find him.
He knows where they took Joey.
When is Charlie coming?
[SCOFFS]
There you are.
[PANTING]
You Okay?
Hey.
Everything okay. honey?
There was a girl locked in
a cage back there.
- She's scared. We have to help her.
- There's a what?
- We have to help her.
- You're not supposed to go back there.
She's none of your business.
You don't go back there.
Okay?
You understand?
Stay right here.
Why do you have the girl in a cage?
- Is there something I should know about?
-It's none of your business neither.
Why don't we just wait?
Less talking.
Just wait.
PARKER:
You can't do this. Gene.
MONTERO: I've already discussed it
with Director Franklin.
I understand some lines may have been
crossed. but this doesn't make any sense.
He's a convicted serial killer.
Carroll makes a convincing case for prison
abuse. I don't need that kind of liability.
What's going on here?
Look. just give me the time to speak
with the Justice Department.
- Find a better alternative.
-It's too late for that. Excuse me.
And I'd suggest you do something about
this man before he does more damage.
This is on you. Mr. Hardy.
What is he talking about?
What's going on?
The warden just granted Joe Carroll's
request for a transfer.
- He's leaving.
- What? When?
Immediately.
They're preparing to move him now.
[DOOR BUZZES]
[DOOR OPENS]
FERGUSON: Joe Carroll. You have been
remanded into the custody of the...
...Jesup County Federal Correctional Facility
in the state of Georgia.
Mind giving us a room.
He's all yours.
I don't believe we've had the pleasure.
Ah. Ryan. Come for your farewell visit.
Thanks.
Well. I couldn't let you leave without
saying a proper goodbye.
So why the transfer. Joe? What's in
Georgia. huh? You have friends there?
Is that where the cult is?
Your good buddy. Roderick?
Roderick? Roderick. No. Sorry.
Name doesn't ring a bell.
Tell me about Claire.
How did she react when you
failed to rescue our son? Was she upset?
Has she rejected you yet?
It's okay. Ryan.
Every great love must be tested. after all.
You know. that's strange.
I say the name Roderick.
and you immediately change the subject.
I'm so gonna miss these little chats.
We need to take him down
for processing.
Goodbye. Ryan.
[DOOR BUZZES]
I want to go. I think that I should be
supervising the transfer.
U.S. Marshals are supervising the transfer.
They agreed to let me accompany them.
- No. Listen. I gotta be there--
- You can't.
Look.
I know we're all upset and disappointed
about what happened at the farmhouse.
[SIGHS]
But we got this.
I will make sure nothing goes wrong.
Mike.
What's up?
I need you to look into Warden Montero.
The warden's been compromised?
I don't know what to think.
Somethings not right.
Mm.
So how do you know Roderick?
I do things for him from time to time.
What kind of things?
JOEY:
Are you still in there?
I'm Joey. I got the keys.
Let me get you out.
- Joey. I'm Dana.
- Nice to meet you.
I knew you'd come back.
- Do you know Joe Carroll?
- I know who he is.
But I'm not a part of his little club.
Where's the kid?
- Joey?
Joey?
- Please hurry.
- I am.
You can do it.
Got it.
Come on.
[GASPING]
What are you waiting for? Let's go.
[GASPS]
What did you just do?
Why did you do that?
You come back here.
[SCREAMING]
Come here.
Get back here.
Where are you?
[PANTING]
Joe)'-
Hey. Joey. I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
[SCREAMING]
Come here.
I told you not to go back there.
Why did you do that?
Why did you do that'?
Touch him again and you're dead.
Joey. come here.
[GRUNTS]
Denise.
EMMA:
Unh. Joey. run.
[SCREAMING]
CHARLIE:
What the hell is going on?
[DOOR BUZZES]
[PHONE RINGS]
Everything okay out there?
All set. Shopper's inbound now.
Okay. They're locking him in
the transport vehicle.
Prisoner is in the transport.
Securing all doors now.
[ALARM WAILING]
[ENGINE REVS]
Hey. What did you find out?
He looks clean. No known associations
with anybody that's visited Joe Carroll.
But I did find one thing. The warden's got
a teenage daughter enrolled in college.
- You thinking what I'm thinking?
- Yeah.
Warden Montero?
- I don't have time. Hardy.
- A question about Joe Carroll's transfer--
- We've already been through this.
- Humor us.
You're the reason that man got transferred.
Not me.
Okay. So this has nothing to do with
your daughter. Dana?
- Where is she. warden?
- She's in school.
Hoberman College.
- That's right.
WESTON: She hasn't been to class in two days.
Her boyfriend filed a missing persons report
with campus security.
I wasn't aware. I'll look into it.
Joe Carroll's people threatened you.
They forced you to authorize
his transfer. huh?
Mr. Hardy...
I understand you're here
at the behest of the FBI...
...but you're skating on very thin ice.
Do not push me.
- You buying it?
- Not for a second.
I want to know everything about him.
Where he goes. Who he talks to. Everything.
What's taking so long?
We're waiting for word that
it's safe to move.
But why do we have to wait here?
What about that guy. Bo?
Is he part of this?
When we set up the website.
we found a lot of people like Bo.
Useful. but in a limited way.
He's not a part of everything.
And he won't be coming with us.
He's got that girl in a cage.
The girl is very important.
Her name is Dana.
She's our leverage.
She's going to ensure
we make it home safe tonight.
You know the people there?
A few.
Some of my buddies that I signed up with.
Friends of Roderick's.
What about your friends?
Uh. Paul and Jacob.
What happened to them?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
We do what we have to do.
Run it again.
WESTON:
What's up?
Going through the stuff we confiscated
from Charlie's warehouse.
I found surveillance footage.
One was marked Detention Center.
-It's from here?
MITCH ELL: Mm-hm.
Well. ifs the prison's exit. Why would
Charlie have video of that?
You have access
to surveillance footage...
...of Joe Carroll's transfer vehicle
as he left?
- Ah. yes. I think I do.
- Pull it up. Same point. Exiting Sally port.
There. Look at that.
Run that back.
Enhance that.
There. That's an edit.
[PHONE RINGS]
The warden hijacked
the surveillance footage.
The warden just left the building.
He's taking the day off.
Get Parker on the phone now.
[PHONE RINGS]
Agent Parker.
RYAN [OVER PHONE]:
Joe's not in the transport vehicle.
- What are you talking about?
- Stop transfer. Check the truck.
J-leis not in there-
-That's impossible.
The warden and his men have
been compromised. Do it.
- We need to stop. Check on the prisoner.
- Why?
Stop. Now.
Open up.
- What's going on?
- Open the vehicle.
- I'm not authorized to do that.
- I'm authorizing you.
Heh. that's not how it works.
It's not a request.
[TIRES SCREECH]
What the hell is your problem?
What did you do?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Open the trunk.
- You're gonna get my daughter killed.
- Open the trunk.
[BOTH GRUNT]
Where is he?
Where the hell is he?
[GRUNTS]
Thank you. Olivia.
She's my daughter. They're gonna kill her.
RYAN:
They won't.
They need her alive
to guarantee Joe's safety.
So just tell us what you did.
And we can save your daughter
and stop Joe.
[WHIMPERS]
His lawyer. Olivia Warren.
They told me to hand Joe off to her.
[SOBBING]
Cuff him.
[SIREN WAILING]
We need a location for Olivia Warren.
Joe Carroll's lawyer.
Tell Mitchell to ping Warren's cell.
It's our best chance.
Tell Boy Wonder thanks.
I'm already on it.
- She's already--
- Yes. no. I heard.
Found it. She's in Richmond. Driving.
Headed southeast...
-...on 12th Street toward Carey Ave.
- Great.
I'll call for back-up.
Southeast.
- Yeah. I heard that too.
You seem a bit nervous. Olivia.
That's because I'm presently committing
at least seven felonies. How much further?
Just a few more minutes.
CHARLIE:
Hey.
You're not supposed to be out here.
- Denise thinks I'm reading my book.
- Hmm.
She said you're gonna
take me to see my mom.
Doesn't sound like you believe her.
She's telling you the truth.
I was just with your mom. you know.
- You were?
- Yup. She wouldn't stop talking about you.
I was supposed to bring her here
so you could see her.
What happened?
[SCOFFS]
I screwed up.
And. uh. let the bad guys get in the way.
Is she okay?
Oh. yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
She's fine.
It's just gonna take a little bit longer
before you can see her.
Okay. I'm sorry about that.
Okay.
Will you tell me the truth?
What's really going on?
What do you want to know?
That girl. Will she be okay?
Will it make you feel better
if I promise you she'll be okay?
Yeah? Okay.
I give you my word.
All right'!
Is this where you need to be?
Yes.
- I don't think anyone followed us.
- Ah. I admire your positive attitude. Olivia...
...but I don't share your optimism.
There is. uh. one more thing I need
you to do for me.
What is it?
Call Ryan Hardy.
- What? Why would I?
- Do it.
MAN [OVER PHONE]:
FBI dispatch.
Hello. This is Olivia Warren. I need to speak
to Ryan Hardy. It's an emergency.
MAN:
I'll connect you now.
[PHONE RINGING]
- Hello?
- Mr. Hardy?
Olivia. Where are you?
ls Joe Carroll with you?
Say these exact words to him.
Joe Carroll is killing me
and it's because of you. Ryan.
- What?
- Tell him that I am killing you...
-...and it's because of him.
- Don't do it. Joe.
- Wait. Olivia.
- Please. No...
Put Joe on the phone with me.
- Tell him. Olivia. Tell him it's all his fault.
- I won't!
- What's going on?
- Tell him he can kill me.
[SCREAMING]
- Olivia? Olivia?
OLMA: No.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
RYAN [OVER PHONE]: No. Wait. Wait.
I'm gonna be there soon. He can kill me.
Olivia. Olivia.
Hello? Hello?
RYAN:
No. no. no.
- No.
- Hardy. Hardy.
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
[TIRES SCREECH]
FBI!
Anybody see anything?
Guy got out of the car
and ran in there.
Right. call 911.
WESTON:
Do you see him?
Go that way.
I'm David. it's a pleasure. sir.
RYAN:
Weston. He's up there.
Get out of the way.
Come on. FBI. Stay back. Stay back.
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
This way. sir. This way.
[PANTING]
Take that side.
All right. Move.
[ALARM WAILING]
MAN: What are you--
- Excuse me.
[GROANS]
I'm Louise. sir.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
It's nice to meet you. Louise.
MAN [OVER RADIO]: Douglas.
are you in the basement? Over.
Douglas. Douglas. do you copy?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
Oh. this is most baffling.
You. me. us. Here in this moment.
What do I do? I kill you? Huh? Now?
Hmm?
No. This is--
This is all wrong.
No. You can't die in a parking garage.
That would be most uneventful.
- Hardly dramatic at all. heh.
- Go ahead.
Do it.
You must admit. it's a quandary. hmm?
I so very much want you to live and see...
...all that's about to happen.
You see. as much as you've encountered
up until this moment. heh...
Well. I don't know how to tell you this.
but we have only just concluded...
...the first part of our novel.
Yes. Ryan...
...for nine long years I have sat in
my prison cell...
...outlining this entire story in my mind.
I've meticulously planned all of it.
With a little help from my friends.
That's a Beatles reference by the way.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
And I must say. heh.
it is very much going according to plan.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
We should leave now. sir.
There is so much more to come. Ryan.
I'll be in touch.
Call me when you're gone.
And then I'll let him go.
Don't even think about it.
You can't kill me.
Didn't you hear what Joe just said?
He wants me alive.
Then I'll shoot you in the leg.
Don't miss.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Okay. Yeah. we'll be on the road
in a few minutes.
We're clear to go. Ah.
It's gonna take us a few hours to get there.
What about him?
And the girl?
Give me a few minutes.
I'll be right back.
You need anything else?
We need a word in private.
Anything wrong?
No. Just some unfinished business.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
The helicopter wasn't registered.
Airport radar had them for a short time...
...but they lost them.
Warden Montero is in federal custody.
- Anyone locate his daughter?
- Not yet.
How do we find these people?
- They're nameless. Faceless.
PARKER: We'll find them and break them.
Let's start with this guy. Right now.
I can't let you hurt him. Ryan.
If we're gonna end this.
find Joe. find his son. the rest of them...
...we gotta do things a different way.
I'll give you five minutes.
Guys. Listen up.
Fellas. I need to speak with him.
So. The boy.
Joey Matthews. Where is he?
I'm not going to tell you anything.
You look like you're in pain.
I can handle it.
That's good to know.
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTS]
[DANA WHIMPERING]
- Use the bolt cutters.
WESTON: We found the warden's daughter.
- We're gonna get you out of there.
WESTON: Bring in the paramedics.
[DANA SOBBING]
Okay. Okay. We got you now. Okay now.
You're okay. We got you. We got you.
Hey. Hey. Look at me.
There was a little boy...
Joey. They. they took him.
He was" He was trying to help me.
The place is clear. She's the only one.
It's okay now.
Come on. we'll get you out of here.
Did they tell you where I'm going?
Because they won't tell me.
Protective custody.
It's better if I don't know.
- So Joe's free--
- Claire--
And now I get locked up.
It's for your own safety.
And my son?
I'm not giving up. Claire.
That's what he wants.
But he's not going to win.
This isn't a game. Ryan.
This is my life.
This is my son's life.
[WHIMPERING]
Come on.
It's okay.
Hey. Joey.
I know you.
You're my Dad.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm your dad.
[English - US - SDH]
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app